#summary Meeting Agenda 28/02-2012

= Group meeting 28/02-2012 =

Meeting takes place at 28/02-2012 @ 12:30 AM - 14:00 PM [0.2.12].

Responsible: Rasmus Aaen

Referent: 

== Agenda ==
  * For every individual group
    * Where are we?
      * What did we do since last time?
        * _Issues_
        * _Demonstrations_
    * Where are we going?
      * What are we going to work on until next time?
  * How far are we, with the entire multiproject? (concluded by the responsible group)
    * When are we at the next major milestone?
  * Development Method (Simon & Henrik) [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sC1nO7jzH19H2R0q3MqbRRm4DEZpyVciqJos7C9-WLs/edit?pli=1 link]
    * XP
    * SCRUM
  * Group resposibility areas (Kasper)
    * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12h2nPS4y7aQsuGIZlMj_mX3VpfORtJAh0l4NJPWPPjM/edit Presentation]
  * Customers (Rasmus)
  * Suggestions for common paper workform (Magnus)
  * Android versions (Magnus)
  * Separate Camera App (Magnus)
  * SVN Structure (Henrik) [xx_Guidesxzandxzstuff_Svn_structure Svn Structure]
  * Aub. (Eventuelt)
  * Next Meeting (Rasmus)
    * Responsible group
    * Date
    * University day

Issues in _italic_ is optional