#summary Meeting Agenda 14/03-2012

= Group meeting 14/03-2012 =

Meeting takes place at 28/02-2012 @ 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM [0.2.13].

Responsible: sw602f12

Referent: sw602f12

== Agenda ==
  * For every individual group
    * Where are we?
      * What did we do since last time?
        * _Issues_
        * _Demonstrations_
    * Where are we going?
      * What are we going to work on until next time?
  * How far are we, with the entire multiproject? (concluded by the responsible group)
    * When are we at the next major milestone?
  * System Description - All groups (5 min each) (previously called system definition)
    * Launcher gruppen: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EguRj7PKEHhCozi88aTxw8lX8zUJuNjQIEIwJQNZHpM/edit link]
    * Admin Gruppen: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wNUwB9-O3B1Noqp_ka7grwfxxujQTLHhgAFBT_dSZ6U/edit link]
  * Multi Project System Description (Magnus) (10 min) [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RpKheUhb6CQBLiBTWbUDeD5eZXFwZ38gC3cluCc6E2I/edit link]
  * Iteration Length (Rasmus A) (10 min) [http://code.google.com/p/sw6-2012/source/browse/random_group_stuff/Group_timer/M%C3%B8der/14-3-2012/Pr%C3%A6sentation/Sprint%20Length.pdf link]
  * Project Coordination (Rasmus A) (30 min) [http://code.google.com/p/sw6-2012/source/browse/random_group_stuff/Group_timer/M%C3%B8der/14-3-2012/Pr%C3%A6sentation/Project%20Coordination.pdf link]
  * Application Execution Environment (Rasmus BJ) (10 min)
  * GUI Meetings with PhD Student from IS Group Henrik SÃ¸rensen (Ulrik) (10 min)
  * Aub. (Eventuelt)
  * Next Meeting
    * Responsible group (sw603f12)
    * Date (sw603f12)
    * Open Door Day (Rasmus A)

Issues in _italic_ is optional