#summary Group meeting from 08/02-2012

= Group meeting 08/02-2012 =


Meeting took place at 08/02-2012 @ 8:15 AM - 12:05 PM [0.2.12].

== Details ==



== Grand meeting ==

==== System definition ====
	* Only usable in OOAD
	* Nothing decided yet (Follow up during next meeting)

==== Launcher ====
	* Should time/location be taken into consideration?
		* What do we want to do?
		* What do they (Customers) want to do?
		* Relevant to limit according to to time/location?
		* A complex part of the Launcher
		* Depending on the Customer meeting

==== Home button ====
	* Change in firmware to block?
		* No other way to block
	* One person looks into this (Christian)
	* A new firmware?
		* We need to talk to Ulrik about this!

==== Test ====
	* Ongoing or periodic? 
		* Depends on development method
		* This will be discussed later

==== Environment ====
	* Both Eclipse and MotoDev installed = PROBS!
		* + MotoDev provides extra tools
		* - Registration
	* We need to use the same environment
	* Better support for Eclipse from Google
	* Will be looked into before next meeting (Martin, Christian, Rasmus J)

==== Development methods ====
	* We need to use the same!
	* Cannot be decided at the moment

==== Demands to / from the groups ====
	* Make demands to an "admin" group
	* Google Discussion group
	* IRC

==== Frequency of meetings ==== 
	* Once a week is suggested
	* BIG group meetings
		* Every 2. week
	* Group leader meeting
		* Once a week
	* Supervisor meeting
	* Customer meeting
	* "Small" group meetings
	* Meeting Discipline
		* Structured
		* Efficient
		* Avoid small talk
	* Group will examine ways for next meeting (Magnus, Kasper, Kim)

==== Common goals ====
	* Overall goals (focus group and result) is to be put on Wiki - will be updated after each meeting.
	* Tested (Study regulation)
	* High quality (Study regulation)
	* Other goals will be defined after customer meeting (Sebastian, Henrik, Jens)

==== Deadlines ====
	* "Small" but many
	* Depends on the result of the meeting form

==== Contract ====
