\section{Remarks and Future Work}
\label{epi:remarks}
This section is for the group who might continue the development of the \giraf[] launcher. \\

We suggest that a decreasing number of meetings is held throughout the project, e.g. one weekly meeting at the start, and one every other week by the end.

We believe it is important to keep an open mind about the needs of each \localgroup[], and staying respectful, while maintaining communication, and socialization.

It is also important to define the scope of the project early and make it clear to the other \localgroup[]s what will be implemented and what will not.

As concistency increases usability, adapting common visual elements is also something we consider important, for example through usage and development of the \guicomponents[] library.